Okay, so
now let's get into our coding example.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to go to transitions and
you're going to see here
a very basic signup form.
So, we have an input and
we have a subscribe.
And we also have, yeah,
we also have some styles changing
when you focus inside of here.
So, I'll show you how
that looks in the CSS.
So in the files, if you go to style.scss,
we have a few colors over
here as CSS variables, and
a few other things too to help us.
There's this selector or pseudo selector
called focus-within, its really useful.
It means if anything inside
this elements is focused,
then apply these styles to it.
And so
we have a CSS variable here called color,
which is initially set to color gray.
So when we focus within,
it changes to color blue.
And so we are setting the border
color of our input and
the background color of our
button to that CSS variable.
However, the transition between
those is not very smooth.
What I want you to do Is to smoothly
transition these elements so
that it goes from gray to blue
when you focus inside of it,
instead of it just being
a direct transition.
Now Furthermore, what you could
do is when the button is clicked,
you could also transition the style there,
maybe give it some opacity,
maybe move it down a little bit.
Remember, use transform and not the layout
properties, and play around with that.
If this is too simple to you then
we also have this inflight example
that I want to show you.
Again, there's nothing
being animated over here,
there's just a whole bunch of things.
And so
there are some good opportunities for
you to practice these techniques that
you're learning in this little flight app.
So you could maybe add
a transition to the button,
maybe add a transition to the movies
when you hover over them.
And some of them are applied for
you already,
you just need to smoothly transition them.
But yeah, just apply your
skills to either this app or
the smaller example over here, or both.